Welcome back at the beginning of this re-act section I told you that things are going to get a little
bit overwhelming.
But at the end you're going to understand everything and things are going to make sense.
I want to show you exactly how much you've learned.
You've learned that components.
Well now this makes sense right.
You are building components during this section to combine things into containers and then finally have
a page or an app.
You also learn that there is one way data flow that is everything flows from state to props and you
can have multiple children but the only people that can change state is a container component.
In our case we only have one container component but you can have multiple and dat are just flows down
one way and any time a child component changes they just trigger an event on the parent and he saw how
awesome that was we didn't think about how we surrender things we were doing things deterministically.
That is here's the state of the app render it accordingly and re-act took care of it for us.
We also learned that well exactly what I said re-act worries about painting and making the website look
good.
We just give it the data and the components.
We learned that re-act has an awesome ecosystem.
We had great tools where we're able to start and build and it gave us great errors.
So all these pain points that we had when we were first building our Web sites.
Well they're gone.
Everything is built for you.
So there you're ready to just focus on coding without having to worry about configuration.
When we get to our final project we're going to be using Riak components to build something really fast
and just plug and play these components.
And finally well this shouldn't look confusing to you anymore.
This makes sense.
This whole thing that looked intimidating at first will this is just react in this one image you have
majority of why react is.
And once you get used to the syntax it's an elegant solution to building beautiful web apps that are
simple scalable and easy to manage.
Good job getting this far in the course it takes a lot of dedication to get through this.
BI You did it you're almost there.
I'll see in the next one.
Buh-Bye.